bdd.o: bdd.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddapply.o: bddapply.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddassoc.o: bddassoc.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddblk.o: bddblk.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddcache.o: bddcache.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddcmp.o: bddcmp.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddcomp.o: bddcomp.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bdddump.o: bdddump.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddhash.o: bddhash.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddmisc.o: bddmisc.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddprimes.o: bddprimes.c
bddprint.o: bddprint.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddprprofile.o: bddprprofile.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddqnt.o: bddqnt.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddreduce.o: bddreduce.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddrelprod.o: bddrelprod.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddreorder.o: bddreorder.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddsat.o: bddsat.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddsize.o: bddsize.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddsupport.o: bddsupport.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddswap.o: bddswap.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddunique.o: bddunique.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
bddwarn.o: bddwarn.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
mtbdd.o: mtbdd.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
testbdd.o: testbdd.c bddint.h bdduser.h memuser.h
